---
layout: main
title: Andrew Pilsch's Academic Web Site
---

# Andrew Pilsch\'s Academic Web Site

I am an Associate Professor at [Texas A&M](http://www.tamu.edu) in the
[English Department](http://www.english.tamu.edu/). My [current research
project](#research) engages with rhetorical legacies of Internet
utopianism in the 1990s. My first book focuses on the [rhetoric of
transhumanism](#transhumanism). I am broadly interested in rhetorical
constructions of fate and human destiny in response to the radical
technological changes of the digital. My research and pedagogical work
touches on facets of digital rhetoric, science fiction, software
studies, and infrastructure studies.

-   [View my ORCID Profile](http://orcid.org/0000-0002-4574-9387)
-   [View my Amazon Author Page](https://amazon.com/author/andrewpilsch)
-   [View my Google Scholar
    Profile](https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=en&user=QpZ-KiMAAAAJ)
-   [View my Dotfiles on GitHub](https://github.com/oncomouse/dotfiles)

## Research

I am currently working on a research project that reconsiders
conversations surrounding utopia online in light of the current
dystopian state of the Internet. The project combines cyberpunk
literature, early cyberculture, and cyberfeminism.

My main research interests are rhetorics of utopia and fate in the
digital era and how these discourses connect to technological progress
and science fiction. My work has been published in *Science Fiction
Studies*, *Amodern*, and *Philosophy and Rhetoric*.

-   [View my Complete CV](/cv)

### In Progress: *The Radical 90s*

### In Progress: "The King in Chrome: Myth, Magic, and the Mystic in Cyberpunk Fiction"

### Recent Publication: "Computation" in <small>*The Edinburgh Companion to Modernism and Technology*</small>

### Recent Publication: "What the Computer Said" in <small>*Re-Programmable Rhetorics*</small>

### *Transhumanism: Evolutionary Futurism and the Human Technologies of Utopia* {#transhumanism}

## Teaching

I teach in [the English Department](http://english.tamu.edu)'s
[Professional Writing Minor](), [Science Fiction/Fantasy Minor](), and
[The Graduate Program in English](). I primarily teach courses on
rhetorical theory (including modern and historical) and science fiction.
My graduate teaching includes those topics as well as infrastructure
studies and software studies.

-   [View my Complete List of Course
    Syllabuses](https://oncomouse.github.io/courses)

### Currently Teaching: ENGL 334 - Science Fiction Past & Present

### Currently Teaching: ENGL 481 - Cyberpunk Fact and Fiction

### Upcoming Course: ENGL 642 - Science Fiction and the Human-Machine

### Upcoming Course: ENGL 354 - Modern Rhetorical Theory